---
layout: post
title:  March means Spring is coming!
preview: Well, March is here... With it spring seems ever more present. There's still snow on the ground, but it was nearly 50 yesterday!!!
category: HomeReno_2020_2021
---

Well, March is here... With it spring seems ever more present. There's still snow on the ground, but it was nearly 50 yesterday!!! I often flip between spring and fall as my favorite part of the year, but I feel like more often than not it is spring that wins. Afterall, the sunshine has been gone for *so* long, and now it's returning. That's hard to beat.

So the last week and weekend was pretty busy. With most of Martin's stuff out now, I've been focused on getting all these lingering bits of remodel work done. I've gone through about 3 more jars of wood putty filling the gaps in our upstairs floors. I've also finally painted the closet in the entry. 

Martin's old office has now been painted to match the light spring green of my office. One of the goals has been to setup a guest room. Aiming to get Mom up here to visit soon. I've currently has our extra bed frame setup in there, but not sure that'll work long term. As you can see, the queen bed is pretty big for that little room.

{% asset 2020/03/01/littleGuestRoom.jpg alt="The bed setup in the little guest room." %}

Martin was over a few times this last week to help wrap up more of the trim work. We would have finished it, but we ran out of quarter round. There's more, but it needed paint. We did however finally get the last of the insulated subfloor for the basement installed. Woot! One step closer to heated floors, but you can already appreciate it walking around down there. 

I'm also looking at remodeling the kitchen. It's looking really old now that the main living areas are looking so good. I've currently got new cabinets from KraftMaid planned out from Home Depot. I'm pretty pleased with the cabinets and lay out their kitchen designer helped me to work out. They're pricey, but they'll make a huge difference in the usability and appearance of the kitchen. 

I'm a little torn on counter tops at the moment. I had initially thought I'd go with a solid surface countertop like we had done at the last house. After checking things out at Home Depot though, I kinda wanted to splurge a little and get granite tops. I was looking at two different styles, one a little more grey the other more white.

This is the more grey granite sample with my floor & paint...
{% asset 2020/03/01/azul-granite.jpg alt="The more grey granite sample with my floor & paint." %}

This is the more white one...
{% asset 2020/03/01/whitesand-granite.jpg alt="The more white granite sample with my floor & paint." %}

The more I think about it though, the more I kinda wanna go back to the original idea of the solid surface with the smooth built in sink. I didn't see anything I really liked for that style at Home Depot, but Martin pointed out that we got the last countertops from Lowe's so I may stop back out there next weekend and check them out.

All in all, I feel like things are coming together. I'm optimistic that by the time summer rolls around the house will be in pretty good shape, as long as no one tries to use that basement bathroom. ^.^
