---
layout: post
title: Unloading in the Cold, but not as Cold
---

True to her moving hero status, Miki returned this morning to help us unload the truck and get it returned on time. It was due back by 2:30. Miki came by at 9, enthusiastic and all set to go. She also brought some of the groceries and things that Martin had left at their place. Martin was able to back the truck up pretty close to the garage, and we were able to unload most of the stuff in there so that we weren't constantly opening and closing the door to the house, letting out the heat. It went relatively well overall, with the exception of the couch which might have induced a lot of well deserved swearing and cursing of IKEA furniture. Seriously that couch weighs far too much for it not to be a sleeper sofa. Anyhow Miki totally earned the *Sister of the Year* award by helping to get that out of the truck and into the upper part of our new split level house. 

We had to stop every now and then to warm up in the house with some coffee, but we easily had everything out around noon and were ready to return the truck and get some much needed brunch. Miki found a lovely little spot called Jensen's Cafe, which serves breakfast all day. We had a little trouble at first sorting out where to park and how to get in, but once we were settled, we had a great experience. The food was amazing and Sam, our server, was both witty and on top of things. It is definitely a spot to return to. Perhaps our Key's replacement?

After lunch, we stopped at Best Buy to get a coaxial cable to get our internet service setup with Comcast, and Target so that we could get a shower curtain and some other miscellaneous items. The afternoon was spent hunting down essential items like towels and thawing stuff like shampoo and cleaning supplies that we hadn't expected to freeze in the truck. We managed to get most of our kitchen unpacked that afternoon, only to realize how little cabinet space the new house has in comparison to the old. The kitchen here is *much* bigger overall, but has space for an eat-in, so there are no cabinets along two walls. Also, some of the cabinets and drawers that are there, are pretty narrow and not very practical. We were thinking we could manage with it for a bit and re-do our bathrooms first - one has no heat and a mostly broken door on the shower surround, while the other is a tub/shower that is pitifully sad in comparison to what we left behind. We're now reconsidering that as the kitchen is struggling to hold all of our things...

Anyhow, we also managed to locate the towels, which meant I could finally have a shower! It was good that I had looked forward to it so much, because that kept me from complaining about the shower curtain constantly blowing in on me and the super load exhaust fan. At the time, I was just so happy to be clean again! 

This however made it seem more worthwhile to wash the sheets. They had been on for a good amount of time before the move, and were long overdue in my mind to be washed. Besides, I wanted to try out the spiffy new washer!  This turned out to be a bad choice. It was probably 8 PM or so when I stripped the bed and popped the bedding into the wash. My rational was that it would take about 20 minutes to wash them and an hour or so to dry. Plenty of time to get us into bed by 10. Little did I expect that the new high efficiency washer would thwart my well laid plans! 

It was about 9 when I started to question why the washer was still going. It seemed like it was in the rinse cycle, so I marked it as strange that it took so long, but at least it should be done soon. After 20 more minutes, I went down to check again and it was still rinsing. At this point I'm frustrated, but assume it will start to spin once it drains again. So I stay and watch it since there's a clear lid and a light to show which part of the cycle it is on. For 15 more minutes I watch it rinse, start to spin, then rinse again. At this point I'm mad and cursing the washer. Why is it never getting to the spin and drain part? 

I've stopped and restarted it. I've tried stopping it, cancelling the cycle and starting it on just the spin and drain cycle. Nothing I do seems to make any difference. Finally, I opened the lid and shuffled stuff around, thinking maybe it wouldn't be too wet and I could just toss it in the dryer. It was still quite soaked. That wouldn't work. One last try... At last! It must have been off balance, because this time it finished the spin cycle, allowing me to shove stuff in the dryer. Sadly though it was now almost 11PM. It took another hour before everything was dry and the bed made. Poor Martin had already gone to sleep on the living room floor, but he was happy enough to move when I woke him up. 

Funny to think that the worst part of the move was the first load of wash...