---
layout: post
title: Doors & Closet Plans
preview: We have doors, and some of them are even installed!  
category: Move_2019
---

The main plan for this last weekend was to get some doors to replace the old stained ones, mainly because we didn't want to try and paint the old doors white, though some were also pretty badly abused. Dave was once again our truck hero and helped us bring home some additional boards for trim and 4 new doors. We ended up having to do a bit more running around than intended since our local store didn't have enough of the right style, but awesome as he is, Dave didn't mind at all.

We painted up the first 2 doors Saturday and Sunday, and got them installed Sunday night. We aren't really door pros, so it took quite a bit of experimentation to get them in straight & level so that they close properly. We have some old door knobs from our old place too, that we put on, but didn't get those on yet. Still, it is so nice to be able to close a door! Being able to block out a little sound, or some computer light from the office across the hall at night is awesome! Sometimes little things make a big difference!

{% asset 2019_04_08-OfficeDoor.jpg alt="My office now has a door" %}

Martin also got his office painted and has put spiffy stripes in his closet. I think they look pretty cool!
{% asset 2019_04_08-MartinsStripes.jpg alt="Martin's striped closet!" %}

The other goal of the weekend was to get our bedroom closet in order. We have a relatively small walk-in closet, so we decided against putting in the same sort of Ikea wardrobes that we had at our old place (and left behind). It felt like that would be too bulky in the small space and make it feel even smaller. 

In the end, we decided to go with the wire shelving and accessories from ClosetMaid that is sold at HomeDepot. We got a standard kit for a 5-8 ft closet with shelves and clothes rods, but I really want some drawers. Afterall, the socks and underware must go somewhere, and I don't hang my jeans. However while ClosetMaid makes these, they are special order. So I did some planning for drawers & shelves and ordered some stuff.

{% asset 2019_04_08-closetPlan1.jpg alt="Top down view of the closet plan" %}
{% asset 2019_04_08-closetPlan2.jpg alt="Front & side views of the closet plan" %}

We should get some of it from the store in the next few days, but the drawers won't come until next week. I can't wait to see how it will turn out!