---
layout: post
title: POD Delivered!
category: Move_2019
---

Our POD was finally delivered yesterday. Woot! We were expecting it last week, and were a little worried it would get delayed again with the forecasted snow. Fortunately we got it delivered before this latest round of snow hit.

Martin got some of the stuff out yesterday, including the cat tree, and we managed to finish unloading the rest of it today. While I'd like to think this means I'll finally be reunited with all the little things I've been missing since we packed up the POD last October, the reality is that we still have no where to unpack until we get our floors in. The garage and basement are now a sea of boxes and stuff waiting for the upstairs to be finished up, or at least for the flooring to go in. 

The goal is to get the POD out of here ASAP, so that we can get a dumpster to get rid of all the carpet, trim, and particle board we are tearing out. We're running out of room to store it all in the garage, especially now with all the POD stuff, and we still only have about half the carpet and subfloor out.  Sigh... It would also be nice to actually get the cars into the garage some day.

The cats however are very pleased to have their kitty tree back.
{% asset 2019_02_11-KittyTreeBack.jpg alt="Kitties on the cat tree" %}

Fortunately there seems to have been only one casualty of our hastily packed POD. One of the plastic bins shifted and fell during the unloading. Unfortunately it had my dragons and figurines in it. Most really aren't all that fragile, but of course what was had to get broken. Rytlock had his Sohothin break, but not a big deal. With a little glue it'll be just like new, and at least it'll be in a spot where no one will really even notice.

{% asset 2019_02_11-BrokenSohothin.jpg alt="Rytlock w/ broken Sohothin" %}

My poor red dragon on the other hand has suffered quite a defeat in the moving battle. He's broken off his base, his wing is broken in several spots, and he almost but not quite lost a hand. The poor guy had his tail break off in the last move too. He's had a rough life.  

{% asset 2019_02_11-BrokenDragon.jpg alt="My broken red dragon" %}

Hopefully we can glue him back together too... It's kinda sad that of all the little dragon figures I have, he's the only one I actually *really* wanted, and he's come through all my moves in the worst shape. Sigh... He's so darn hard to pack though. I suppose it's one of those things where I really should have kept the original packaging. The things one never considers in their 20's. 