---
layout: post
title:  New Year's Day
preview: Welcome 2021! Please be a much nicer year. 
categories:  [ Covid-19 ]
---

Welcome 2021! Please be a much nicer year.

I didn't stay up too late after welcoming in the new year, but I did decide to kick the new year off with a sunrise. Fortunately that wasn't super early - 7:51 AM, totally doable. Woot!

My only south facing window is in the bedroom, which I've leaned has beautiful morning and early afternoon sun through the winter. 
{% asset 2021/01/01/sunrise-from-bedroom.jpg alt="Sunrise from bed" %}

Got up, made the bed, and fed the kitties. It was a beautiful morning with the snow from Wednesday. 
{% asset 2021/01/01/beautiful-new-dawn.jpg alt="Dawn out the front with snow." %}

It was cold though, and as usual the cats had dibs on the warmest spots. Fred's got the heater vent this time. 
{% asset 2021/01/01/fred-warming.jpg alt="Fred on the heater vent." %}

I made myself some breakfast too. I hadn't made potatoes and carrots with eggs in a while. Forgot what a great way that is to kick off the morning.
{% asset 2021/01/01/breakfast.jpg alt="Potatoes, carrots, and tomatoes with eggs" %}

By the time I was done with breakfast, the sun was up. It's shaping up to be a beautiful new day... 
{% asset 2021/01/01/beautiful-new-day.jpg alt="Daylight out the front." %}
Though I really need to get out and clear the driveway. 

Outside of clearing the driveway, not sure what else I'll do for the day. I don't have any exiting plans, but I do have a boxing date w/ Hiro to kick things off. Woot!
