---
layout: post
title:  Catching upn on Star War & Netflix
preview: I was invited out to see the latest Star Wars movie, *The Rise of Skywalker* over the weekend, which put me into a bit of a bind. I wanted to go, __*but*__ I hadn't seen the previous movie and barely remembered the first of the trilogy. So I resolved to catch myself up in time to go and be somewhat up to date on things. Glad I did, but what a mess!
---

I was invited out to see the latest Star Wars movie, *The Rise of Skywalker* over the weekend, which put me into a bit of a bind. I wanted to go, __*but*__ I hadn't seen the previous movie and barely remembered the first of the trilogy. So I resolved to catch myself up in time to go and be somewhat up to date on things. Glad I did, but what a mess!

I had mostly resolved myself to resubscribe to Netflix a week or so ago, but I never actually got around to it. This seemed like the perfect excuse, so I finally resubscribed. It's been years... Anyhow Christy fixed me up with a list of things that I should watch: 

- The Dragon Prince
- The Witcher
- Altered Carbon
- Jonathon Strange & Mr. Norrell
- Stranger Things
- Violet Evergarden
- Kuromukuro

Woot! I certainly won't be without media to watch for a while. However it didn't take long to discover that the only Star Wars left on Netflix was Solo. Ugh! (I did end up watching that too, and it was better than I thought, but left a bit to be desired.)

So Disney's moving all their stuff - which includes Star Wars & Marvel - to their own Disney+ channel. Many, but not all, things have already moved. I'm not sold on paying for this monthly, as I doubt I'd be watching this stuff on a regular basis, but I figured I could at least give it at trial run. Who knows, maybe I'll change my mind. Besides, it was that or buy/rent it from Amazon at almost the same price, but without the other things. 

So sign-up I did. I watched *The Rise of Skywalker* as well as *The Mandalorian*, which I enjoyed __*a lot*__ more. I managed to finish both with time to spare before the movie Saturday night. I also poked a little at some of the other things there Sunday, and ended up watching something about the Maya from National Geographic & *Brave* which I hadn't seen before either. While it there is no shortage of Disney stuff, I just couldn't see myself watching anything else, so I cancelled it Sunday afternoon. 

Back to the movie though. We went to the Mall of America to see it and I must say that I was shocked by the renovations to the theater there. The concession area totally made me feel like I was in some fancy Disney shop. There was a whole array of things to eat and drink, not just popcorn, candy, & soda. There were healthier options too like fruit & cheese & juice. There was also a pizza place, with what looked like some really nice fresh baked, made to order pizza. The theater itself was really nice too, with a lot fewer seats. These were recliners with little tables attached for your snacks. They were huge. I feel like two of me could have fit in my seat. It made me think I might actually be missing out by not going to the theater. Unbelievable!
