---
layout: post
title: Spring is Here! 
preview: We've been taking it relatively easy on projects the last two weeks, but it's not like nothing has been happening. We've got another dumpster and have started the basement flooring & bathroom tear out. There are also little projects here and there too.
category: Move_2019
---

We've been taking it relatively easy on projects the last two weeks, but it's not like nothing has been happening. We've got another dumpster and have started the basement flooring & bathroom tear out. There are also little projects here and there too. 

Martin's still working on trim, and he's started making us a new bed frame with storage drawers underneath. I'm hoping it'll also have something of a bookshelf headboard. It wouldn't necessarily have to be for books... I'm imagining it as more a spot for the alarm and reading lamp, and perhaps even a cat or two or three - that'd be particularly nice.

It's also been relatively nice the last few days, so it is once again feeling like spring is here. We've got some spring blossoms out back too!

{% asset 2019/05/15/springBlossoms.jpg alt="Spring flowers." %}

I have been trying to take it easy on work at home, so that I'm not using my right arm. It's been a little sore for a while now - pretty much since moving. I think it's *tennis elbow* or some sort of over-use strain. It's been annoying, but not too problematic. However recently it's gotten worse. It hurts to lift anything with that arm, even a cup of tea. I know I should probably go get it checked out, but it's such a pain... Do I go see my regular doctor? Find some sort of specialist? UGH! 

Instead, I've spent the last few weekends napping, gaming, and reading. It's been really nice, as I haven't been feeling so well after that cold either. Last week was a little hectic at work too, so I was exhausted by Friday. It's also been cold and gloomy, so that may play a part too. For the most part I am feeling better this week. Hopefully that'll last through the rainy weekend. I've been trying to make a better effort at eating well, getting enough sleep, and doing a little exercise in the morning on the Wii Fit. Hopefully that will pay off too. 


 