---
layout: post
title: POD Delivered!
preview: We finally get our stuff back! Now what will we do with it?
category: Move_2019
---

Our POD was finally delivered yesterday. Woot! We were expecting it last week, and were a little worried it would get delayed again with the forecasted snow. Fortunately we got it delivered before this latest round of snow hit. 

How much snow do we have?  Well, not as much as they predicted, but check out the amount of snow on the back deck.

{% asset 2019/02/12/SnowyDeck.jpg alt="Snow on back deck" %}

Martin got some of the stuff out of the POD yesterday, including the cat tree, and we managed to finish unloading the rest of it today. While I'd like to think this means I'll finally be reunited with all the little things I've been missing since we packed up the POD last October, the reality is that we still have no where to unpack until we get our floors in. The cats however are just happy to have their kitty tree back.

{% asset 2019/02/11/KittyTreeBack.jpg alt="Kitties on the cat tree" %}

We were thinking we could unpack the POD into the garage until the upstairs was done, but this was the garage with just over half the POD unloaded.

{% asset 2019/02/12/Garage-POD-HalfEmpty.jpg alt="Garage was full with only half the POD unloaded" %}

So we had to get creative and move more stuff into the house than we had planned. Thank goodness for the under-stair storage area!

{% asset 2019/02/12/UnderstairStorage-Front.jpg alt="Under-stair Storage area from the door" %}
{% asset 2019/02/12/UnderstairStorage-Back.jpg alt="Under-stair Storage area from the inside" %}

While the upstairs is still pretty much clear, the basement is now a bit of a mess with the extra furniture, matresses, and boxes (hidden behind that long bookcase). The picture actually makes it look more spacious than it is with all the stuff there.

{% asset 2019/02/12/FamilyRoom-Packed.jpg alt="Downstairs Family Room is packed" %}

But we managed to get the POD emptied and still have __some__ space in the garage...

{% asset 2019/02/12/GarageAfter.jpg alt="Garage with the POD empty" %}

 I declare this a __victory!!!__
 
 The goal now is to get the POD out of here ASAP, so that we can get a dumpster to get rid of all the carpet, trim, and particle board we are tearing out. We're running out of room to store it all, and we still only have about half the carpet and subfloor out.  Sigh... It would also be nice to actually get the cars into the garage some day.

{% asset 2019/02/12/Garage-Trash.jpg alt="Tear out trash in garage" %}

Fortunately there seems to have been only __two casualties__ of our hastily packed POD. One of the plastic bins shifted and fell during the unloading. Unfortunately, it had my figurines and dragons in it. Most of the things really aren't all that fragile, but of course what *was* fragile got broken. 

Rytlock had his Sohothin break, but not a big deal. With a little glue it'll be just like new, and at least it'll be in a spot where no one will really even notice.

{% asset 2019/02/11/BrokenSohothin.jpg alt="Rytlock w/ broken Sohothin" %}

My poor red dragon on the other hand has suffered quite a defeat in the moving battle. He's broken off his base, his wing is broken in several spots, and he almost but not quite lost a hand. The poor guy had his tail break off in the last move too. He's had a rough life.  

{% asset 2019/02/11/BrokenDragon.jpg alt="My broken red dragon" %}

Hopefully we can glue him back together too... It's kinda sad that of all the little dragon figures I have, he's the only one I actually *really* wanted, and he's come through all my moves in the worst shape. Sigh... He's so darn hard to pack though. I suppose it's one of those things where I really should have kept the original packaging. The things we don't consider in our 20's...